Master, why did you hit me?
Master, I know you have a problem with me
But this is in the company
You can't just hit people, can you?
homeowner
I don't care what you have with Li Yue in private
personal grudge
But he is my subordinate no matter what
I think -- I think you've gone too far.
How can this Antong beat people?
Hey, I'm used to it.
Lin Yue, you use this kind of abusive means, right?
Korea, dare you take another step forward?
Director, I know you have a problem with me
I can apologize to you.
But
Please live a fair workplace environment
Li Yue, are you going to fight?
I will accompany you to the end
Humph
Are you free?
Brother Xiaoyu, don't think about anything
Leave it all to me
This exhibition is of great significance to us
I must pay attention to this exhibition
At the meeting so that we can win over An Tong
Brother Xiaoyu, I just arrived at the company.
Don't know anything.
Will you help me?
Xu Zeyu, don't you have something to tell me?
Now.